Action!
Now...
I'll say it like the Shin demanding justice.
Why do you say that?
The old woman's dandy.
Look what this old woman's doing.
Does she have anything poor to say?
How is sheals for you?
You get seven-times salary if you
You're so young, you'll be 80 soon.
I'm not joking.
I'm not young or old, I'm 80.
I'm old enough to be a man.
You're old enough to be a man.
You're a fool.
What did you say to an old man?
You're old enough to be a man.
What?
What do you care?
You can leave.
You can write one in Okinawa.
What?
You can't write one when you're divorced?
You've read í™œë™, what?
You've read
With the chopping mixing in and out a bridge
til it made a difference
as does not matter to horizontal orMusical
Why should I have more than one thought
Like a second
I need someone next to me
Hey! Do you hear me?
Look at him
Your face has no face
so you know it'll be boring
Looks bad to my face
I'll not away with that
You are stupid
What?
I heard something
Yes, I did
Give me 5 or 6 copies
5 or 6
it is a typo
A coure? A
If you
I'm not dead yet. I'm alive.
You're kidding.
I can't go home.
I'll be in Japan.
I'll marry one, and then I'll marry another.
That's your mother.
You're kidding.
She's a good mother.
I'm not your mother.
I'm your mother.
What's the matter?
Why are you asking?
She's my old mother.
I'm old, too.
She's my mistress.
You're kidding.
I'm getting older.
I'm three years old.
I'm your mother.
You're kidding.
I'm old, and I'm not a good father.
I'm not your father.
I'm your mistress.